Initial docs for a new release process (#529)
kyma-project/community: guidelines/releases-guidelines/02-kyma-release-process.md

   
5. If during the development process there will be need for additional changes in the release branch, open a new PR to the release branch with changes.
Repeat steps 1-4 for this PR.

#### Creating release
1. Once the release process is finished and release branch is complete create a new tag in the repository that points to your release branch.
> **CAUTION:** Make sure you are working on the most up-to-date `release-{RELEASE}` branch for a given release. 
```shell
git tag -a {RELEASE_VERSION} -m "Release {RELEASE_VERSION}"
git push upstream {RELEASE_VERSION}
```

Tag has to have the same name as in the `RELEASE_VERSION` file. Creating a new tag will trigger the following actions:
   
   * Create a GitHub release and trigger documentation update on the official Kyma website.

   * Create a new release cluster for the given Kyma `RELEASE_VERSION`.
   > **CAUTION**: The cluster is automatically generated for you, and it is automatically removed after 7 days.
   
   If you don't have access to the GCP project, post a request in the Slack team channel.

>    ```bash

Reviewer: What is that for?

>    Follow [these](https://kyma-project.io/docs/#installation-install-kyma-with-your-own-domain-access-the-cluster) instructions to give Kyma teams access to start testing the release candidate.

Reviewer: Should it still be here?

> 5. The Github release postsumbit job creates a release in the `kyma-project/kyma` repository, which triggers the [`post-rel{RELEASE_VERSION_SHORT}kyma-release-upgrade`](https://github.com/kyma-project/test-infra/blob/master/prow/jobs/kyma/kyma-release-upgrade.yaml) pipeline. The purpose of this job is to test upgradability between the previous Kyma release, i.e. the latest release that is not a release candidate, and the brand new release published by the release postsubmit job.

Reviewer: Please fix the numeration.

> 5. The Github release postsumbit job creates a release in the `kyma-project/kyma` repository, which triggers the [`post-rel{RELEASE_VERSION_SHORT}kyma-release-upgrade`](https://github.com/kyma-project/test-infra/blob/master/prow/jobs/kyma/kyma-release-upgrade.yaml) pipeline. The purpose of this job is to test upgradability between the previous Kyma release, i.e. the latest release that is not a release candidate, and the brand new release published by the release postsubmit job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. The Github release post-submit job creates a release in the `kyma-project/kyma` repository, which triggers the [`post-rel{RELEASE_VERSION_SHORT}kyma-release-upgrade`](https://github.com/kyma-project/test-infra/blob/master/prow/jobs/kyma/kyma-release-upgrade.yaml) pipeline. The purpose of this job is to test upgradability between the latest Kyma release that is not a release candidate and the brand new release published by the release post-submit job.
```
